- 👋 Hi, I’m @orbedstudios JSantiago
- 👀 I’m interested in ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 

I just returned from GitHub. I would really like to know what is going on! I love tech and code, but I am exhausted of it recently. I understand GitHub is good for building projects and having team members and others contribute. However, some people are publicizing their apps on hosting providers as droplets and plugins that don't work, are full of errors, or are no longer being developed. I saw Openblocks in the Digital Ocean Marketplace and ended up at Github, only to find out how many issues it has. This is after trying FOUR other apps there on GitHub that did not work properly. Even Coolify claimed to be a Vercel alternative, but my repo on GitHub launched live in Vercel in three clicks! After an hour or so of trying to get Coolify to work, I gave up! And I understand that they may be open source, but the next thing you know is that the project gets passed on to someone else who won't work on it, will change it in such a way that you would have to redevelop your server, or they will monetize it for enterprise cost or lifetime subscription. I have been trying so hard to find quality app and instructional combo of the latest stack, and it seems to me that some developers are trying so hard to develop newer and better tech that not much is being improved as it could be be. Great projects get abandoned because they were not the first, and one may think, "Oh well, this app is already out there." Or there are apps that have potential but were developed while someone was in college and now they have a full-time job or a family and can't develop any further.

There are also apps that have clearly submitted issues, yet the developer pushes new releases just because they finally figured out a great NEW way to include several new APIs to be able to offer their (still buggy) app on some plugin marketplace. I have had a lifelong love-hate relationship with Linux and Open Source because there is so much information out there that sometimes it takes following six or seven instructionals before you find the one simple command line that you have to change because "version 1.0.1 binary will not work with 1.0.1s binary unless you install these six other Python upgrades, one of which will unfortunately be incompatible with some other dependency that will not update but must be built from source... I don't remember this as much with PHP apps. Everything would come packaged and would work as long as you had the correct version of PHP, which was not hard for a server to meet. But this remote dependency, containerized, API monthly fee SAAS world we have entered into is turning into a playground for techies to experiment with.

Package managers have produced more warnings and failure than the entire US/Soviet Cold War. I feel like I word at NORAD when trying to run - npm install!

Every argument someone makes about their favorite framework or language can be made for another. And people are talking about "decentralization"; we can't even come together in a centralized way to create a perfect internet free from bugs and problems, in which if a bug or issue arises, AI could fix it before it even reached the other CDNs.

But instead, there will be another handful of Stanford buddies who believe that they have come up with the fastest framework that will live in a decentralized cloud which you will not even have to download. Another three friends, who will be laid off from Wix.com after they abandon their Codux App project, develop an Android app that can use a Samsung S28 Galaxy as a free 'lightning' fast WordPress/WooCommerce server. They will combine that with a Bluetooth BLE method that, like Apple products, use to call Apple servers even while off to serve microsites through any receiver without the risk of interception. And every Apple product will be able to serve React/Next.js Apps directly from their iCloudDev + account (Don't steal my idea APPLE!) And all it would take is for Jeff Bezos to have AWS develop a super WooCommerce alternative to bring WordPress to its knees (Until it lays off staff, shuts down several server locations, and rebrands itself, getting rid of that ugly "W" logo and finally provide PHP alternatives for the WordPress core. Keeping the need to do headless (Or hideous) WordPress/React combo. All of this racing around trying to figure out which code is better and which framework will be the future, and it will most likely be some sort of "Cloud Node" in 10 years that, because every phone and computer will have some AI processor built-in, it won't matter what language or framework anyone will use because "Cloud Nodes" will take whatever code you developed in and produce the Universal Framework for User-Interaction Code or "UFUC" which will create an instantly flexible code that will deliver usable code to the BILLIONS of devices that will have Wi-Fi capabilities. From one server to any IoT user with the lowest lighthouse score being 96. And that will be on Cricket or MetroPCS devices running on AT-TMobile's 10g-LTX towers after their merger.

Yes, everyone's cellphone will be able to register and tether up to 24 Wi-Fi devices to their IoT devices, such as newer devices like the Segway Xross by Nike (think of the kids' skate shoes but for adults to "air-walk" up to 18MPH). And security will not be a concern once 185 United Nations Members sign the World AI Technical and Global Oversight Division of Digital and Mobile Security, OR "WAITAGODDAMSEC" for short. In this scenario, a global AI will respond to the attempted decentralization of consumer internet by creating a GLOBAL AI CLOUD with a complex algorithm that requires 7 crypto-nuclear codes to unlock for UN Sanction updates. All HIPAA data, government, large corporations, and other "white-cloud banking" (a term that will be coined to describe the approved forms of trackable banking) will stay in the "white-cloud". However, this term will NEVER EVER EVER BE OFFICIALLY CALLED THAT FOR OBVIOUS WOKE REASONS! In those days, there will be so many platforms and apps that the technology will become disposable, just like what happened with one-time cameras. Disposable cell IP phones, which you can pick up at 7-Eleven to call five Flexcloud members by their number and then toss, will be available (Flexcloud will only be available on the DE-CENT Cloud Network, the first truly untraceable cell phone carrier owned, operated, and developed by the users). The Justice Department still cannot figure out who or what to request a warrant for. Soon, my techie friends, soon. (Disclaimer: If you are reading this before 2029, don't bother Googling the aforementioned products because they do not exist).

<!---
orendayanmiami/orendayanmiami is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
